This is our explanation for how we have met each of the criteria.
Usability: Our navigation bar makes it easy for users to get anywhere in our website with just a click. Our pages are appropriately titled so that it is easy to tell where to find information, and in the rare event that it is confusing, we added a search bar. This isn't completely working yet, but our page is still very easy to use.
Educational value: We have a lot of information displayed in a digestible manner for anybody looking at our website. The arrangement of this information makes sense for our personas because it doesn't assume a baseline knowledge of computer science or machine learning, but also doesn't treat users like they are completely uneducated. Additionally, although we want our personas to take away the dangers of predictive policing, we have structured our information and our rhetoric such that supporters of predictive policing will not be immediately turned away, and will still be curious to read more.
Interactivity: We have a lot of simplistic interactive elements on our website. The navigation bar is the biggest one, as anywhere in the website can be accessed with a click. The search bar is also an interactive website, with JavaScript code behind it. Even though it is not yet fully functional, it still searches the website (or at least the current page) for the search query. Also, the other links we have throughout the page, including the interactive pictures on our About page, are all helpful interactive elements.
Aesthetics: Our website is easy on the eyes, with appropriate colors, fonts, and pictures sprinkled throughout. The ratios of our colors pass the readability tests, and the navigation bar is extra aesthetically pleasing.
Extra: The access we provide to further information on the topics discussed kind of falls under the category of educational value, but we believe this goes above and beyond the requirement. Additionally, we believe our website would look good on a phone as well because of how we have structured all of the elements.